alright what we have here is the nasty
trick this is basically an invention I
made after I made the dirty trick and
the myths nasty this is basically both
those pedals in one so basically you can
use them individually like if you have
both the pedals or you can use them
together which basically creates a whole
other distortion pedal making it three
distortions and one because they're
connected in parallel rather than in
series and since they're in parallel
it's kind of like having two preamps and
the signal your signal goes through it
at the same time rather than one before
the other as it would if you have them
connected in series so basically each
distortion sent its own character and
new Harmonix that aren't present like if
you use them one at a time when you use
them together it's basically a whole
different tone of distortion getting
character from both the distortions at
once and it's completely usable all
three distortions are usable you don't
get feedback an extra noise as you would
if they were in series one pre amping
into the next which would basically get
a little overwhelming and create all
kinds of unwanted noise and feedback
here you turn on and off the dirty trick
distortion and here you control all the
power meters of the dirty trick here's
your volume here's your tone and here's
your game here you turn it on and off
over on this side you have the mist
nasty distortion turn it on and off
right here and you control it up here
volume tone and game so when you have
them both engaged at the same time this
is where it becomes the nasty trick
combination of the two distortions
and here you control all six knobs to
get the tone you want basically so
that's basically this pedal explain
basically has all the same tone in the
dirty tricking in the mist nasty and
even better because you have a third
distortion and it's nice very clear on
all your strings and also has two black
tone thanks to jay fats in the circuit
not to mention clipping diets and
clipping leads and oversized capacitors
used more amp like capacitors kind of
give it a bigger sound and that's the
nasty trick for you alright i'm going to
demo the nasty trick this is going from
a Fender Custom Shop strat with say more
Duncan JB humbucker at the bridge and
the same where Duncan 59 humbucker at
the neck with a Fender single coil in
the fender single coil in the center
position I'm gonna record first with my
bridge pickup first let's hear the true
bypass signal
now let's try out the dirty tricks side
of the pedal let's go start with the
tone and gain at zero
you can see it basically goes from clean
you
alright let's put a little more gain
halfway or so notice the clarity and all
the strings
that's the gain half let's put it up to
about three o'clock
all right pool game
alright let's check out the mist nasty
side of the nasty trick sorry let's go
from zero you can see this one doesn't
go from clean there's a little bit more
of a Gainey distortion it kind of a
classic rock and roll over drive up to
high gain modern tones
I
see there you see the monastic that's a
bit heavier house kind of a huge to
black tone with kind of smooth and
compressed Sony all right now let's try
both of them together which are
connected in parallel so we'll got a
little character from both this kind of
to me seems more of like a the dirty
trick as a lower game the myths Nazis
kind of a higher gain and then with both
home together you kind of create like a
mid game level kind of gets a little
character from both at the same time
when you got both of the same time
convincing control all six knobs and see
what you get
as you can see when they're both on you
got harmonics from both and that's
basically the nasty trick
you